docs: minor updates to using strimzi (#5611)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/con-securing-client-authentication.adoc

* `scram-sha-512` for SCRAM-SHA-512 authentication

If `tls` or `scram-sha-512` is specified, the User Operator creates authentication credentials when it creates the user.
If `tls-external` is specified, the user still uses TLS client authentication, but no authentication credentials are created.

> Use this option when you're providing your own certificates.

Reviewer: I think, this is not necessary or? 
```suggestion
Use this option when you're providing your certificates.
```

When no authentication type is specified, the User Operator does not create the user or its credentials.

> You can use `tls-external` to authenticate with TLS using a certificate issued outside the User Operator.

Reviewer 2: I think it could help to make it more clear that if you use this, issuing the certificate is users reposnsiiblity.

```suggestion
You can use `tls-external` to authenticate with TLS Client Authentication using a certificate issued on your own.
```

The User Operator does not generate a TLS certificate or a secret.

> You can still manage user authorization through the User Operator in the same way as with the `tls` mechanism.

Author: @see-quick Updated after feedback on making `tls-external` description clearer

Reviewer 2: I would use this on the line 25:

```
You can still manage user ACL rules and quotas through the User Operator in the same way as with the `tls` authentication type.
```

> You can still manage ACL rules and quotas through the User Operator in the same way as with the `tls` mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still manage ACL rules and quotas through the User Operator in the same way as the `tls` mechanism.
```

Author: Changed to _in the same way as when you're using the `tls` mechanism._
